Installation from Hackage - add README section (#1183)
haskell/haskell-language-server: README.md

#### Building

> 

Reviewer: Why a random blank line here?

Author: It's probably inserted by the markdown VSCode plugin

./cabal-hls-install hls-8.6.5
```

### Installation from Hackage

> Direct installation from Hackage is supported via `cabal install haskell-language-server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Direct installation from Hackage is possible via `cabal install haskell-language-server`.
```

> Direct installation from Hackage is supported via `cabal install haskell-language-server`.

Reviewer 2: you could use `stack` to install it too

Author: I don't think so, since it's not in Stackage and therefore would require a ton of extra-reps.

Reviewer 2: mmm you are right, it is possible with one command (`stack install brittany-0.13.1.0 Cabal-3.0.2.0 clock-0.7.2 ... haskell-language-server`) but not straighforward

This builds the `haskell-language-server` binary and installs it in the default Cabal binaries folder.

> This binary will only work against the same GHC version that was used to build it.

Reviewer: Maybe include the words "but not recommended"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This binary will only work with projects built using the same GHC version that was used to build the binary itself.
```

Reviewer 2: > 
> 
> Maybe include the words "but not recommended"?

Or something like "So it is recommended for advanced users."?
